All right, so quickly here, let's get rid of this padding here on the surface, this this is what
it's giving, this padding that gives us the white, we don't want that.
So that's not necessary.
And it's pretty common like this?
OK, you can see much better now.
It's taking up the entire screen, which is exactly what we want.
So again, we should look way better on your emulator.
But this case, my my device, my device mirror here is now working perfectly.
Doesn't show the best resolution.
OK, so we're making really, really good progress.
So at this point here, we just passing.
If you go back to our questions, we're just passing one object while we're doing this, passing this
question.
Get the first one we want to be able to do is, of course, to have a button such as this to go next
and then go to the next question.
OK.
So let's go back at the bottom here display.
We are going to add that button.
So we have the text here and we're going to do that.
Now the other thing I can do here, because I want to make sure that this text changes, first of all,
the color should be different, should be white so that we are able to see.
But also we want to add the color we see here.
See Green when it's true, we want to propagate that color onto the text as well.
So what we can do here is instead of having a text like this, we actually going to create an annotated.
String writing and annotated text, per se.
First, let's stop here.
Let's just put what we had before.
Sorry, Typekit, I'm going to create a foul call annotated
string.
Just build it differently.
Right?
So build annotated string as such and let it pass with style pass or style span style.
I'm going to give font weight.
Right.
OK.
And then when I say the color, of course, is going to change accordingly, what we had before, something's
going to go ahead and copy what we have here.
I'm going to change this to just see color green.
And I'm going to say else if in this case here.
If correct.
And her state, that value is true.
And index.
He's also equal to answer.
State that value.
And this is going to be read this complete red.
It's going to be false or the opposite, what we had up there.
And let's say else, I'm going to just have up colors and off white.
OK, so essentially, all we want to make sure that happens is.
So what we're saying here.
OK, if the correct answer.
If the user gets the correct answer, then the color of the tax is going to be green.
If the user doesn't get correct answer, we're going to also make the color of text red.
In another case, the color is going to be white, so it's going to be just this white like that.
OK?
And of course, we need to put out a sort of a lambda here.
What is that we're going to be annotating inside here?
So we're going to be annotating this case.
But as you know, we actually have to do something different, which is going to be a pen, write and
pass our answer text.
And as such, an hour after our else here, I'm going to say font size.
I want to be about 17 sb the font size of our answer text.
All right, let's go ahead and give it a run and see for ourselves, hopefully.
We'll get the correct colors.
Looks like it's not showing now.
What seems to be the problem?
I don't take a swing, I need never.
OK, so I never called it so I just created a vowel annotated string.
So I need to actually call it at some point.
Of course, right below here, I'm going to create the text.
Let's pass our annotated.
String like this modifier, six step.
OK, that's good.
Let's go ahead and run now.
OK, now it looks great, so if I say false, that's indeed not true.
We see not only the radio button is red, but also the text is right there and apologize for the way
it's looking, but it should look better on your end.
And if it's true, and there you go.
All right, so this is great.
Now, like I said, let's added the button, the next button, because that is also important.
So right below here, after these two lambdas closing there, I'm going to say Button, that's fine.
And then let's give.
Of course, modifier.
Before we do anything.
So we're going to modify a few things here, so that padding about three dpi all around and in what
to say a line, I want to pass a alignment here.
Centre.
Horizontal like that horizontally, and then let's put a shape.
I want this to be.
Rounded corners shape this past 34 deep all around all corners.
And then we're going to change the colors, the button colors here and let's say button defaults, search
and then button colors.
This is how we change the pattern.
Colors looks like it just always happens all of this, which we don't need.
So, OK, we're going to change that.
Okay, there we go.
And it's going to be a list of colors that we need to.
In this case, I'm just going to pass the background color of colors and light blue.
That's the only thing I want.
And inside here, let's put.
Oh, that one line and inside of a row here on this corporate text.
I will say.
Next, of course, we're going to add another modifier here.
Give it padding or for deep.
Color, say, app colors and off white such and I'm going to give a font size of about 17, don't ask
me.
All right.
So we should have something like this, hopefully.
Let's go ahead and run.
Well, it looks good, clickable and everything, OK, so now we need to go back to our display, the
actual function, because we commented out a few things here.
We're going to comment all of this because we need to pass them.
So the question is next, we're going to use in a bit.
But now let's go ahead and look at the on click event.
So on next click meaning this button is clicked here, we want to go to this next question, but how
do we do that?
Going down to where this needs to be clicked or needs to be called, it's going to be inside of a button,
so I'm going to call here on next.
Clicked in the pass, our index and would say index question indexes such that value because it's immutable.
Because we need the next, because this because this so when we click, we're going to pass the question
index so we know where to go next.
In this case is going to be we're going to increment one to go to the next question.
But all of that is going to be passed.
Where?
Well, we're going to pass in.
Our questions composable, because this is we're going to pass because this is what we pass that information.
So what are we going to do here?
I'm going to create another foul when I say vowel question index, but we need to get that, OK?
When, say, is equal to remember such and is going to be mutable state of.
And for now, just give zero in the beginning.
All right, so next what I'm going to do here.
So next, instead of else here, because we know we have all the information that our review model should
have something, I want to create another vowel here that says question, OK, seagulls to try and in
this case, OK, here I'm going to use our question mutable and I'm going to pass the question index
that value as such.
We're going to have a problem because we'll have to add a safe something like this, right?
Biggest question going to be no.
And then I'm going to put a catch here.
So if there's some problems going to say X to exception like this and then we're just going to say,
no, OK, we don't want to show anything.
OK, so what are we going to do here is now that we have this question, right?
Because we're going to go, try to go and get the.
So in this case here this question, if you have over, it's going to be a question item which we can
pass along to here.
So but the beauty here is that we're getting from our index depending on what is our index number at
this point in the beginning is going to be zero.
But because it's a remember that can change and it's mutable state.
OK, so we're going to pass it this value here like that, OK?
In this case, because just one item, we don't need to worry about adding anything else or say anything.
So in this case, also, we need to surround it with a null check or just asserted that this is not
null or it's Nullarbor per se.
OK, now we need to pass something else.
What is there going to pass next?
Well, we need to pass that index.
So going to say question index in this case is going to be equal to question index.
OK, let's pass a review model.
We're going to be our review model.
Which one we created already?
My dad taught me there now because we know that question display.
The last item that we have here, you see it on on next clicked, which gets an end, right?
We don't pass anything or we're not returning anything, of course, because we have a unit.
Well, it is the last parameter and it's a function that means it's a trailing lamp there like that.
So we have that index that it's been passed when we click.
Right, because this on click here, it's been called here, we passed the question index value so we
can retrieve that index and now here.
What is it we want to do?
Well, here we all want to do is say something like this?
Well, question index.
When that happened, I'm going to say value and we're going to set that to question index wherever we
are at this point and we're going to add one.
So we're going to increment it.
So now because this question index, indeed, as we created here, is immutable state.
You know, remember, that means it has a state and it can update if you are a composable, which is
great, that means then we're going to be able to receive that value that is being cremated, which
will allow us indeed to go to the next question because that value is being passed when we click.
This button there.
We'll get that question index and we can then increment, which we are doing so now if we go back.
In our question tracker here, remember, if I have over have some items we can pass, for instance,
the first is the counter.
Well, I can pass that counter and say counter.
In this case, the counter is going to be the question index, right?
That value, because it's going to be well.
Question zero.
Let's index zero.
Going to be the first question.
Right.
If we go to next is going to be this question one and so forth.
So that's the index of our list of questions.
Let's see if this works.
Go ahead and run.
All right.
Moment of truth.
I'm just going to say this is false, which is not true, and when I say next and what I see it change
the index, you change the question one out of 100, we'll fix that later because we have more than
100 questions.
But now we go to the second question and look how wonderful this is, because now let's go ahead.
Second question.
The first was this one.
The second question is one of the remnants, one of the remnants, and it has four.
Choices here in all of these were created automatically, dynamically, because remember, we said in
our choices, we make choices that for each and we pass index and we create a row.
So now, depending on how many choices we have in our choices stayed in our choices list, it will go
ahead and create the those rows might go ahead and create, of course, our questions.
As you see here, or I should say, choices, right?
I know this is Louisiana.
Lie, it's true, I go next, I can continue, I've done this a few times.
That is true.
If I say false, that's not true.
I have the chance to go and say true.
And voila.
This is Florida, and it's working.
Wonderful.
All right.
It's great.
Any counter is going is working as well because just the index.
Exciting.
There we go.
So we have a dynamic app that is getting information from our Jason, we've gone through all that process
and now we have something working.
It is very dynamic.
If somehow this Jason changes right, we have more choices, for instance, it will know how to dry
it.
Now it has zero one.
If if we have one two three four five six seven choices in this list, then we would have seven buttons.
Also, with those choices?
Very well, so at this point, really, the app is his done because we have everything working we can
go to, let's say, Sacramento or go to next question and the questions are working.
Uh, Boise, that is the answer.
I think Carson City, one would think Nevada, but it's not Salt Lake City.
Oh, real good at this.
That's because I've been answering these questions for a long time.
OK, there we go.
So everything is working and the questions are updating and we have everything working perfectly.
Now there are a few things we need to do, of course, but most of them are just going to be cosmetics
because we just want to give it a little pizzazz.
But the base of this app is pretty much done.
All right.
So go ahead and look through this code because I'm sure you have a few things that we need to look at
and trying to figure out how they work, and that's totally fine as part of the process.
But do that and then see if you can improve this app, right?
Of course, we're not completely done with this application.
Of course, there are a few things we like.
I said I would like to add, but at this point, you can't actually, you know, go and show off to
your friends that you created a very cool trivia application here using data from somewhere, right?
All right.
Very good.